In the day's other news: The
U.S., Japan and South Korea
have agreed to apply -- quote
- - "maximum pressure" after
North Korea's intercontinental
ballistic missile test.
In a joint statement, they
said they will push for a U.N.
Security Council resolution
to apply new sanctions
on Pyongyang.
But if the North -- quote
-- "chooses the right path,"
the countries stand ready to
offer a brighter future.
Experts believe the
missile launched Tuesday
could reach Alaska.
And, today, North Korean
state TV broadcast a
message aimed at the U.S.
WOMAN (through translator):
North Korea makes it clear once
again that its development of
an intercontinental
ballistic rocket is an option
taken to defend itself.
The test is a gift
package addressed to
none other than the U.S.
The U.S. will receive more gift
packages as it tries harder to
destroy, by means of sanctions
and pressure, the overall
national power and strategic
position of North Korea.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The
U.S./Japan/South Korea
statement also called
on nations that border
North Korea to help
reduce the threat.
That is an unmistakable
reference to Pyongyang's
closest ally, China, whose
leader meets tomorrow
with President Trump.
Mr. Trump also met today
with Mexico's President
Enrique Pena Nieto, and
emphasized the importance
of renegotiating the
NAFTA trade agreement.
It was the first face-to-face
meeting between the pair since
President Trump took office.
He hailed Pena Nieto
as his friend, but said
that he absolutely still
wants Mexico to pay
for a proposed border wall
between the two countries.
In Egypt, a suicide car bombing
left at least 23 soldiers dead
on the Sinai Peninsula, the
worst attack there in years.
The Islamic State group claimed
responsibility for the incident
at a checkpoint south of
Rafah.
Meanwhile, in Iraq, ISIS
fighters are still clinging to
a shrinking pocket of territory
in Mosul.
Iraqi government forces
laid out the difficulty.
ABDUL WAHAB AL-SAADI,
Iraqi Lieutenant General
(through translator):
We are facing challenges
that slow down our operations.
And that's because the Islamic
State group is using civilians
as human shields, especially
children and women.
And that's why we advance
very slowly, because we
have to protect their lives.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Also today, the
Pentagon said that airstrikes
by the U.S.-led coalition
in Iraq and Syria have
killed a total of more
than 600 civilians.
That is since the start of the
anti-ISIS campaign in 2014.
Back in this country,
hiring surged more
than expected in June.
The Labor Department says
U.S. employers added 222,000
jobs, the most in four months.
But the unemployment rate ticked
up slightly, from 4.3 percent
to 4.4 percent, as more people
looked for work.
Analysts say the positive report
is likely to lead to another
hike in the Federal Reserve's
key interest rate.
For now, that news drove
stock prices higher
on Wall Street today.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 94 points
today to close at 21414.
The Nasdaq rose 63, and
the S&P 500 added 15.
For the week, all three
indexes edged up a
fraction of a percent.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff
Sessions visited the military
prison at Guantanamo Bay today.
He was joined by Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein, and
by Dan Coats, the director
of national intelligence.
Sessions has called Guantanamo
a -- quote - - "perfectly
acceptable place" for detaining
terror suspects.
A Justice Department spokesman
said that the visit was meant to
get an up-to-date understanding
of current operations.
And an influential press
freedom group is criticizing a
report by Republican senators
about leaks of
government information.
The document released yesterday
which was sent to the attorney
general says that leaks
are harming national security.
The Committee to Protect
Journalists said it
seems intended to have
a chilling effect,
and resembles measures seen
-- quote -- "more often in
authoritarian countries."